[Music]
as your little girl grows up it seems
like no guy will ever be good enough for
her I'm very excited for you to meet my
boyfriend but sooner or later this is
house I'm sure this isn't an Apple store
or something it's time for you to meet
the love of her life please please
please family baby yeah
this is the first serious boyfriend I
remember being that age don't you just
always ready turns out her boyfriend is
this internet billionaire Laird it's a
really good guy and his heart is always
in the right place he ate it he just
literally has no filter I'm so
psyched that you're out here for the
holidays the 15 year old child you won't
say father heck yeah I cuz you do what's
your favorite cuss word
titties don't see titties classic what
else you got sticking double oh
wait we're holding double deke I sound
like it's today this kid is nasty and I
like it yeah hey Christmas day
I'm gonna ask Debbie to marry me and my
dad your blessing the answer's no why
don't you give me a few days Linnea over
by Christmas morning you're gonna be
calling me son how many calling you dad
don't think that's gonna happen I think
it's gonna dad don't what dad stop that
all right dad yes siree Bob you could be
dating anyone while air he makes me
really happy
it's going great I think they've already
accepted me
I'm getting a little bit a different
vibe that kid is wrapping his tentacles
around every member of this family that
is so cute
you are not the guy we want our daughter
marriage you want to play with me you
are going down you really hurt my
feelings so I bought your company I
think you might be insane insanely in
love with your daughter